fix for new firmware / models (#1)
christian-bromann/samsungtv: README.md

    console.log(`There are ${TVs.length} Samsung Smart TVs connected to this network`)
    const TV = TVs[0]
    // specify token
    // TV.token = 'XXXXXX'
    const devInfo = await TV.getDeviceInfo();
    const macaddress = devInfo.device.wifiMac;
    // save it to further turn on tv
    // await TV.wol(macaddress);

>     

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

main().catch(console.log)
```

## Changes in 2018+ models

> the connection is dove via ssl and require confirmation in the tv, after confirmation is done a token in saved that can be used in further connections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The connection is done via SSL and requires confirmation via the tv, after confirmation is done a token in saved that can be used in further connections.
```
